README.rst, before:

.. -*- rst -*-

fuzzdoc
=======

Package Description
-------------------
fuzzdoc is a command line utility for fuzzy search and selection of Python
documentation to view with `pydoc <https://docs.python.org/library/pydoc.html>`_.

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fuzzdoc.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fuzzdoc
    :alt: Latest Version

Installation
------------
First install `fzf <https://github.com/junegunn/fzf>`_. If you 
have `pip <http://www.pip-installer.org/>`_ installed, run::
  
    pip install fuzzdoc

You can also download the source tarball, unpack, and run::

    python setup.py install

Usage
-----
If specified without any arguments, fuzzdoc will list all found Python
modules, keywords, and help topics; the selected topic will be displayed with pydoc.
If a string is specified as an argument, it will be used to filter the list of available topics via substring 
matching.

Author
------
See the included `AUTHORS.rst
<https://github.com/lebedov/fuzzdoc/blob/master/AUTHORS.rst>`_ file for more
information.

License
-------
This software is licensed under the `BSD License
<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license>`_.  See the included
`LICENSE.rst <https://github.com/lebedov/fuzzdoc/blob/master/LICENSE.rst>`_ file
for more information.

Commit message:

Find modules without import (#2), include classes and functions defined in found modules in selection list.

README.rst, after:

.. -*- rst -*-

fuzzdoc
=======

Package Description
-------------------
fuzzdoc is a command line utility for fuzzy search and selection of Python
documentation to view with `pydoc <https://docs.python.org/library/pydoc.html>`_.

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fuzzdoc.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fuzzdoc
    :alt: Latest Version

Installation
------------
First install `fzf <https://github.com/junegunn/fzf>`_. If you 
have `pip <http://www.pip-installer.org/>`_ installed, run::
  
    pip install fuzzdoc

You can also download the source tarball, unpack, and run::

    python setup.py install

Usage
-----
If specified without any arguments, fuzzdoc will list all found Python
keywords, pydoc help topics, packages, modules, and any public functions or
classes defined in them and display the documentation of the selected item.
If a string is specified as an argument, it is used to filter the list of available topics via substring matching.

Author
------
See the included `AUTHORS.rst
<https://github.com/lebedov/fuzzdoc/blob/master/AUTHORS.rst>`_ file for more
information.

License
-------
This software is licensed under the `BSD License
<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license>`_.  See the included
`LICENSE.rst <https://github.com/lebedov/fuzzdoc/blob/master/LICENSE.rst>`_ file
for more information.
